= Build and Develop =

In order to develop, build, and deploy the code for the TLR Flow meter, you will need to correct hardware and software.  The hardware that was utilized for this project was the PIC24/PIC32 PIM Companion Board and was purchased from [http://www.eflightworks.net/]. Eric was the person that I dealt with at eflightworks and was a FANTASTIC resource for supporting his boards.  I purchased a custom configuration for the TLR flow meter and he was always responsive in my *many* support questions as I developed this board. The boards that were purchased were Rev C.

The first thing to note is that the development for this project must be done under windows as that is the only platform that runs the MPLAB IDE that I used to program the PIC board.  So, the first thing to do is install the MPLAB IDE (version 8.10).  Once the IDE is installed, you then need to check out the source code from Google code.  Browse the *Source* tab on the Google code home page to see how to check out the code.  Once the code is checked out, startup the MPLAB IDE. Click on Project->Open... and browse to the location where you checked out the source code.  Open the TLR_Logger.mcp file.  Once the file is open, you will most likely have to add the p24FJ256GB110.gld file to the Linker Script directory because it is particular to the installation of the MPLAB IDE.  If you do need to do this, remove any files under the Linker Script folder and right click on the Linker Script folder and select Add file ...  Then browse to the MPLAB install and find the C30 version of hte p24FJ256GB110.gld file and choose it.

TODO kgomes - Document hardware setup (power ICD 2 externally).

Then choose Debugger->Select Tool->MPLAB ICD 2.  Follow the wizard (if prompted) and choose to power the ICD 2 externally and manually connect. Click on Debugger->Connect and you might have to install operating system to ICD 2. Then run Project->Clean.  Then run Project->